1. a non static field declared at class level (as a field attribute) , cannot be used in a static method
2. if a parent class has a parametrized constructor then the child class need a matchin one
3. Factory method
A factory method is a design pattern used in object-oriented programming. It is a method responsible for creating objects of a certain class, but the exact class of the object it creates may be determined by the method or by the parameters passed to the method. The primary goal of a factory method is to abstract the process of object creation, providing flexibility and decoupling the client code from the concrete classes.

In the context of the code snippet you provided:

java
Copy code
public static By id(String id) {
    return new ById(id);
}
Here, id is a factory method. It's a static method that creates and returns a new object of type By, specifically a ById object. The method takes a parameter (id), which is used to initialize the created object.


3. page factory
4. singleton

5. return methods = run a method and bring the result of that method into another variable we want...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1htVG3xP5Y

6.casting vs parsing

Casting is taking the data you want to cast and trying to see if it can interpret it as another type. So, you might have the integer 6. Which internally is stored as 6. You want to cast it to a short. It takes this internal 6 value, and changes the type to short. Now you're in luck, because 6 in integer representation is the same as 6 in short representation.

However, a string is a sequence of characters, these characters are internally represented by numbers with systems such as ASCII. This means the character '6' might be stored as the number 54 and the character 'a' might be stored as the number 97.
You can see the problem of casting these characters now. If you cast the character '6' to an integer, it will look at the internal value of '6' and see it is 54. So if you make that an integer, you won't get 6, but you'll get 54.

Here is where parsing comes in, parsing will go through each character of the string and try to convert the actual character '6' into the number 6. And if you are casting to a float, it will look for a sequence of float-like characters (like '3.1415') and try to convert it to the actual float 3.1415.

So, in short:
Casting takes the internal representation and 'casts' it to another type.
Parsing takes a mo

7. component model vs pom model